Directed by ShÅk Rule of the latter part of the 13th century
The soldiers full of spirit
come together against
the junior army
and swear their vowing.
But whether you hear it or not
and even play it
is in the memory of Vast LEAGUE because
the hardship that we put into the relationship
who would never stop fighting.
If both the 2007 and 2008 years
address him as a good mustard-henchman.
Although they are of approximately 16 years age,
they always carry on running
passing through the Togacchengu MSh accent.
He jumped to the bottom of the chrysanthemum branch
His father reported and covered his father's arms
His father reporters all his swords
When he climbed up the mountain
If you consider the
background,
you'll have no option to check their face!
Translated by Releska